Add the permanent approach for setting THP (#60399)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/operations/tips.md

$ echo 'madvise' | sudo tee /sys/kernel/mm/transparent_hugepage/enabled
```

> If you want to modify the transparent huge pages setting permanently, editing the `/etc/default/grub` to add the `transparent_hugepage=never` to the `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT` option:
> 
> ```bash
> $ GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="transparent_hugepage=madvise quiet splash"
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to modify the transparent huge pages setting permanently, edit the `/etc/default/grub` to add the `transparent_hugepage=never` to the `GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT` option:

```bash
$ GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="transparent_hugepage=madvise ..."
```

```

Reviewer: this [answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/52591781/4395754) suggest that you also need to run `update-grub` command.

Author: Updated. Thanks :).
